MuJS: an embeddable Javascript interpreter in C.
MuJS Plus: Extension to MuJS.

ABOUT

MuJS Plus is a lightweight Javascript interpreter designed for embedding in
other software to extend them with scripting capabilities.

ADDITIONS

Custom function: Math.rand(min, max) 
		 provides a random integer between min and max, including min and max.

		 Math.rand(max)
		 provides a random integer between 0 and max, excluding max.

		 Math.srand(seed)
		 optional, use with Math.rand to generate random numbers using the seed

		 File.exists(filename)
		 checks if the file exists, returns a boolean: true or false.

		 File.read(filename)
		 reads the file, returns file contents.

		 File.write(filename, content)
		 writes the content on the file, if file dont exist creats one

		 File.append(filename, content)
		 appends the content on the file, if file dont exist creats one

		 String.prototype.substr

		 String.prototype.strtr
		 replaces characters or substrings in a string based on a mapping provided as a string

		 String.prototype.includes

		 Array.prototype.includes


LICENSE

MuJS is Copyright 2013-2017 Artifex Software, Inc.
MuJS Plus is Copyright 2024-2025 MASROURMOUAD

Permission to use, copy, modify, and/or distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

The software is provided "as is" and the author disclaims all warranties with
regard to this software including all implied warranties of merchantability
and fitness. In no event shall the author be liable for any special, direct,
indirect, or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from
loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence
or other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use or
performance of this software.

COMPILING

If you are building from source you can either use the provided Unix Makefile:

	make release

Or compile the source with your preferred compiler:

	cc -O2 -c one.c -o libmujs.o

INSTALLING

To install the MuJS command line interpreter, static library and header file:

	make prefix=/usr/local install

DOWNLOAD

The latest development source is available directly from the git repository:

	git clone https://github.com/masrourmouad/mujs-plus.git

REPORTING BUGS AND PROBLEMS

Report bugs on the ghostscript bugzilla, with MuJS as the selected component.

	http://bugs.ghostscript.com/
